note to the uninstall section (#2665)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/efm/4/12_upgrading_existing_cluster.mdx

## Uninstalling Failover Manager

!!! Note

>     If you are using custom scripts, check to see if they are calling any Failover Manager scripts. An example would be a script that runs after promotion to perform various tasks and then calls Failover Manager's `efm_address` script to acquire a virtual IP address. If so, update these custom scripts to use the newly installed version of the script, before removing an older version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using custom scripts, check to see if they are calling any Failover Manager scripts. An example of such a script is a script that runs after promotion to perform various tasks and then calls Failover Manager's `efm_address` script to acquire a virtual IP address. If you have any custom scripts calling Failover Manager scripts, update the custom scripts to use the newly installed version of the Failover Manager script before uninstalling the older version of the Failover Manager script.
```

## Uninstalling Failover Manager

!!! Note

>     If you are using any custom scripts, check to see if they are calling any Failover Manager scripts. An example would be a script that runs after promotion to perform various tasks and then calls Failover Manager's `efm_address` script to acquire a virtual IP address. If so, update these to use the newly installed version of the script before removing an older version.

Author: Good thinking. Added.
